 While most of us are all looking at our postol credit card bills, preparing our tax returns, getting back to work, back into the swing of things, and speculating what this new year has in store for us. The small group of elite who actually pull the levers of the global economy. The puppet masters of this wild world are packing their bags, fueling their private planes in route to Switzerland. On January 19th, the World Economic Forum begins its annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland. And their PR slogan for this year is a spirit of dialogue, which couldn't be farther from the truth. It's going to be more like a doctrine of dialogue featuring the imposition of top-down non-negotiable bureaucratic authoritarian enforcement with no room for dissent debate, much less an actual dialogue. It's a complete and total doctrine of domination. When we read the white papers they've been quietly publishing over the last 6 months, they're not going to Davos to ski. They're going to Davos to finalize the infrastructure for the next decade of control. The global digital IDs, digital money, digital assets, centralized tokenization of assets, regulation of agent AI, the end of what shreds of privacy, independence, and autonomy we have left. They are building a digital cage, a digital prison. And today we are going to explore the blueprints in order to build our exit strategy. Hello, I'm Krypto Casey and this is not a conspiracy theory. This is an official narrative. The World Economic Forum isn't a secret koval. It's a trade show for the ruling class where CEOs of the biggest banks, heads of state, the central bankers agree on the official narrative of the year. And this year, the stakes are different. They are the highest in history because the technology they've been dreaming about for decades is finally ready to deploy. Let's hit it. Look, the best way to frontr run the digital prison being built is by setting up our own parallel systems outside of their failing fiat system right now. It's easier than ever to implement. And as we will learn throughout this terrifying video, it's now more important than ever to implement. One, we can get a free account with Uphold, the best wealth management platform that replaces banks and exchanges. By getting our paychecks direct deposited into Uphold and using their new debit cards, we can sever our ties with the traditional financial system, all while earning crypto rewards. Two, we can completely own and control our digital assets outside of their system with Tangent Wallet, as well as use our digital assets to buy anything anywhere Visa is accepted with Tangent Pay. And three, we can remove ourselves even further away while building passive wealth outside of the fiat system with Go Baby Trade, an AI enhanced robotic set it forget it crypto trading solution. So, scroll down and use the links below to redeem all the special offers they have for us to become financially sovereign before it's too late. All right, let's start with Europe. Christine Lagarde, the head of the European Central Bank, Europe's Federal Reserve scam, has been on a media blitz recently pushing the digital euro. Check it out. >> The two other big projects that we have worked on and will continue to work on in 26 are number one, the digital euro. We have completed the cycle of the preparation. The governing council has given its gohead to move to the next cycle and now waiting for the European Parliament to come up with final legislation that will the go ahead for the pilot phase and then the launch. >> So here's the deal. Lagarde has been using buzzwords like autonomy, falsely framing the digital euro as European sovereignty. She says Europe needs its own digital currency to be free from American and Chinese payment rails, free from Visa, Mastercard and big tech. a way to have direct connection between European citizens and money and by proxy all the things involved with money. You know, like keeping a roof over your head, paying utilities, buying life essentials, literally keeping food on the table so you can continue to live. A direct connection between Europeans, the government, and the private central bank. Because the beauty of it all with digital money, money laundering and terror financing risks radically decrease. Hallelujah. Wait, so what does this mean for our privacy? Well, good news. Although the new digital euro cannot be anonymous like cash where no one knows how we are using our money, the new digital euro offers confidentiality which means that our neighbors won't know how we are using our money. However, the government and central bank definitely knows everything. And the government and central bank not only know how digital euros are being used, they have complete control over how digital euros can be used. Digital euros are a central bank digital currency that is essentially programmable money at any point and any time whenever they want. They can change how money works. This is the most dangerous aspect for us and the most compelling aspect for them. Check it out. Lagard point blank says that a central bank digital currency like the new digital euro is necessary for crisis management which includes capital controls. So, for example, if there was a banking crisis and people are making a run on the bank to protect their money, there's no need to close down bank branches, the ECB will just deploy restrictions like freezing the ability for us to withdraw our money. Or if more likely when World War is declared, anyone who is trying to flee Europe to protect themselves, well, good luck. The money will be frozen. You won't have any financial means to escape. They can simply restrict our ability to use our money on plane tickets, trains, gas, tolls, anything we would need to flee a warom. This isn't theory. This is a stated capability of the digital euro. They are voting on. And it's already in practice, has been now for decades. If we want to know what crisis management looks like, what programmable control looks like in practice, look no further than China. Right now, we are seeing reports of a new class of people emerging in China. the financial homeless. These aren't just people who ran out of money. These are people who have been banned from money by China's social credit system. What is a social credit system? A social credit system tracks, monitors, punishes, and rewards people based on certain behavior standards created by the government. And since 2014, China has been using a social credit system that ranks people based on certain actions they take in society that determines their creditworthiness, which grants or restricts their access to education, transportation, employment, the internet, health care, loans, mortgages, financial services, certain restaurants, renting in certain buildings, actual use of their CBDC, and all kinds of basic human conveniences. China punishes people who don't recycle, who drive badly, speak out against the government, protest against injustices, jaywalk across the street, associate with people who behave badly, and even people who use VPNs or virtual private networks. So basically, China's social credit system uses a judgment default or blacklist where if anyone's social score drops below a certain level from spreading rumors, not keeping their phone charged above a certain percentage, jaywalking, not paying bills on time, they get put on a blacklist that creates a death spiral. Starting with losing their ability to spend money, losing their ability to travel to find work, losing their ability to secure a place to live, a death spiral that ultimately ends with financial homelessness. These people end up on the streets not because the economy failed them, rather because the database's algorithm imprisoned them. Last year alone, over 200,000 people in China were blacklisted. This is the weaponization of the banking system. This is exactly the kind of control grid that central bank digital currencies make possible globally and it's coming to a country near you. For Europeans, sooner than later. All right, so what else is on the agenda next week in Davos? They are finalizing digital identities, digital IDs. And it's not just some digital version of our driver's licenses or passports. These digital IDs are what they call wallet-based digital IDs. They want to link our identities with internet access and with our bank accounts, where the programmable digital money they have complete control over is stored. They are framing this as convenience and security. Just scan your face to access your bank and digital currency. No more passwords. No more fraud. But here's the trick. Once your digital ID is linked to your bank account in your internet access, they have a kill switch and opting out is not an option. No digital ID, no ability to participate in the economy. The World Economic Forum predicts 2026 will be the breakout year for this tech. So, we need to watch out for announcements about global interoperability, which is code for a global tracking system. Nice. Here's where things get very interesting. You know how our identities will be wallet- based? Well, not only will our digital money we don't actually own or control be on our wallets at the mercy of the central banks and governments, so will all of our assets via asset tokenization. Our real estate, stocks, bonds, equipment, they are going to tokenize all of our assets essentially by converting them into digital assets that reside in our wallets where they can be frozen, restricted, seized just like our money. We've explored real world assets or RWAs on the channel as a way to achieve and maintain financial sovereignty and freedom which you can check out in this video guide for beginners by clicking on the link above. However, they see realworld assets as a way to get control. The WEF agenda explicitly highlights asset tokenization as a key theme this year in 2026. Check it out. In the crypto world, we are working on tokenizing assets on decentralized, transparent, immutable, open blockchain networks that no one person, company, government, or entity has control over. While they want us using their private, centralized, closed blockchain, they completely control and can change at any time. If they don't like what we say, believe, post, do, or don't do, anything they deem as misbehavior, they can freeze, restrict, and seize our assets instantly. These central bank digital currencies and the tokenization of assets on private centralized blockchains will result in massive violations of our privacy, our assets, pretty much every aspect of our life. Now, here's the most terrifying and critical part of the 2026 agenda because it changes the very definition of freedom. Agentic AI. We are entering a world where AI agents have their own wallets and their own digital currencies to spend. Look, Agentic AI is not like ChachiBT, a tool we can interact with passively. A Gentic AI is a digital employee that acts on its own. It has a wallet. It has goals. It can execute transactions without asking us first. And the World Economic Forum is shookth by this notion, viewing a gentic AI as the third workforce. So, they don't just want to regulate us humans anymore. They are desperately working on regulating the millions of autonomous bots that will soon be flooding the economy. And here's how this agenda item impacts all of us and why it's a direct threat to financial sovereignty. The WF knows they cannot control open-source code. So their strategy, as discussed in the AI governance alliance papers, is to regulate the identity of the agents. In the future, an AI agent will not be allowed to execute a transaction on the blockchain or access the banking system unless it has a verified digital ID linked to a human. So, if we want to run a private sovereign AI that manages important aspects of our lives, it might be blocked. And by proxy, we might be blocked. See, they envision and are actively working towards a world where we own nothing. They want us to only have the ability to rent approved AI agents from their big tech corporate cronies like Black Rockck, Google, and Microsoft. And to understand the gravity of this as it relates to us and the future of our lives, we need to realize that we are moving toward machine to machine M2M payments. Imagine our refrigerator in our kitchen has an AI agent that pays the online grocery store's AI agent directly for any food we need. Or imagine our work involves traveling a lot and we have an AI agent that books and pays airlines AI agents directly for our plane tickets or books and pays hotels AI agents directly for reservations. Sounds insane. However, by late 2026, a huge chunk of GDP will be robots paying robots. And here's the threat to us. The World Economic Forum wants all of these payments to happen with their central bank digital currencies on their private permission payment rails. Which means if we are unbanked, have a low social credit score or whatever, our AI agents will also be depprioritized or blocked. So, not only would we be banned from buying a plane ticket, our software would be banned from booking for us. Our ability to use AI will be restricted while they start using AI for compliance and risk management. They're literally building AI agents to monitor us 24/7, 365. Instead of a human banker flagging our account for suspicious activity, an autonomous AI agent will do it instantly based on opaque algorithms that we can't argue with. It creates a guilty until proven innocent financial system run by corrupt, rigged, secret programmable code that can be changed and manipulated at any time. This is a declaration of war on our future digital twins. They don't want to just control us. They want control over everything that has anything to do with our livelihoods, freedoms, and sovereignty. Our ability to simply survive. In 2026, most wealth will not be made from working hard. It will be made from owning and leveraging AI agents that work for us. And the WF wants to make sure that only they can own AI agents and force us to rent them. So, if we aren't leveraging the power of AI yet, we can start building passive wealth outside of the failing fiat system with a set it forget it AI enhanced robotic trader called Go Baby Trade. Every Wednesday, join us on our live weekly webinar to learn more and ask any questions you may have about how it works by signing up using the link below. Because exiting the traditional financial system before their global digital prison is fully rolled out should be one of our top priorities for 2026. Everyone in crypto needs a tangent wallet. It's the simplest way to completely own and control our wealth outside of the traditional financial system. The setup and using it is literally just tapping a card to our phone. Only takes like 90 seconds to set up. We can do everything in the cryptoverse. Buy, sell, swap, stake, use DeFi. And now we can instantly spend crypto anywhere Visa is accepted with the new Tangent Pay feature. And we can secure our wealth with a free Uphold account. The next generation of finance. We can ditch our banks entirely with direct deposit, which gives us 4% back in XRP rewards. Uphold. just launched US debit cards where we can earn crypto rewards on every dollar spent and we can spend anything we hold where Visa is accepted. Cash, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP. It's amazing. When we trade $100, we get $20 free. So, be sure to scroll down and use links below to check out all the special offers they have for us. If you would like to learn how we can use AI to make passive profits in crypto from the constant up and down price action with Go Baby Trade, check out this video. If you would like to learn how the next generation of banking with Uphold is a way better and safer option for storing our money and managing crypto than banks and exchanges, check out this video. And to sign up for a free Uphold account, click on the link on the screen. Like and subscribe for more. Be safe out there. 
